Deliberate Practice:
I love the idea of deliberate practice and I definitely plan on doing it later on in my career.  As the article mentions you learn the quickest when you first start to program, which is where I believe that I'm still at.  Once I've learned a ton and my learning curve starts to level off deliberate practice will be something that I'll do.  

How to stop screwing yourself over:
Take away: you're never going to feel like making the change in your life that you want to so you should just do it.  Get yourself out of your routine so that you can grow as a human being.  

Growth Mindset:
I love the idea of a growth mindset.  It's extremely hard not to judge yourself and get down on yourself when you "fail" at something but we all know that isn't very productive.  It would be much more productive to be appreciative of what you learned from the "failure" and to use it as a growth opportunity.  I'm definitely going to try to focus on my growth instead of my failures.  

Duckworth on Grit:
I definitely agree with Duckworth in that from what I've seen the most successful people are gritty people willing to work extremely hard for an extremely long period of time.  Professional sports players and executives come to mind.  

Botton on re-defining success:
Very interesting how he believes that believing that you can do anything and having low self esteem are related.  It does make sense that someone who believes they can do anything fails at something then they might put all of the blame on themselves because "they can do anything".  In a meritocracy everyone is where they are at in society because of themselves, so if you are at the bottom of society you will think that you are worse than the rest of society.  That definitely sounds like a very unhealthy mindset.  

Imposter syndrome:
The Sarah's were very easy to listen to and I enjoyed their discussion on imposter syndrome.  I definitely think that I experienced the imposter syndrome in regards to being a software developer for some of the reasons that the Sarah's mentioned.  They mentioned that getting into something in an abnormal way can lead to imposter syndrome.  This is just like how I am trying to become a software developer by taking a bootcamp and not by getting a computer science degree like most software engineers, and I have probably felt the imposter syndrome because of that.  